README.md, before:

# REDCap Data Dictionary
Shared REDCap Data Dictionary

## Maintainer

  Bhoom Suktitipat, MD, PhD
  
  Faculty of Medicine Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University
  
  bhoom.suk+github[@]mahidol.edu

## Table of Content

### Genomics Thailand Registry
The information in the current registry is divided into the following six forms. Form number 4-6 contains additional information in the format compatible with [Genomics Data Common](https://docs.gdc.cancer.gov/Data_Dictionary/). Whenever possible, we use the same "Property" name and "Values" as implemented by GDC. Common Data Element (CDE) for each variable is available for viewing from the GDC website.

**List of Case Record Forms**  
  1. Basic Information for Genomics Thailand Project
  2. Germline Testing Indication
  3. Minimal Cancer Registry Information 
  4. Additional Cancer Registry Information (Following Genomics Data Common)
  5. Additional Follow-up Information (Following Genomics Data Common)
  6. Additional Diagnosis Information (Following Genomics Data Common)

**Downloadable Supporing Resources**
- [Data Dictionary](https://github.com/hypotheses/redcap_data_dictionary/blob/master/genomics_thailand_general.csv) file to import into a blank project is provided.
- [Data Dictionary Codebook](https://github.com/hypotheses/redcap_data_dictionary/blob/master/Genomics_Thailand_Registry_REDCap.pdf) in a pdf format can be downloaded here.
- [CRF](https://github.com/hypotheses/redcap_data_dictionary/blob/master/CRF-Genomics_Thailand_Registry_REDCap.pdf) in printable paper format is avaialable. However, the online form in REDCap contain branching logic which should facilitate data entry.
- [Download this XML file](https://github.com/hypotheses/redcap_data_dictionary/blob/master/GenomicsThailandRegistry.REDCap.xml) to create the project in REDCap.

Commit message:

update database for ICBS Tumor Bank
reorganize variables into more practical data group for registration and data extraction

README.md, after:

# REDCap Data Dictionary
Shared REDCap Data Dictionary

## Maintainer

  Bhoom Suktitipat, MD, PhD
  
  Faculty of Medicine Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University
  
  bhoom.suk+github[@]mahidol.edu

## Table of Content

### ICBS Comprehensive Tumor Bank
The information in the current registry is divided into the following six forms compatible with [Genomics Data Common](https://docs.gdc.cancer.gov/Data_Dictionary/). Whenever possible, we use the same "Property" name and "Values" as implemented by GDC. Common Data Element (CDE) for each variable is available for viewing from the GDC website.

**List of Case Record Forms**  
  1. Demographic Data: Basic Information and registry information
  2. Germline Testing Indication: Indication for getting germline testing
  3. Survival Status: Survival status and cause of death 
  4. Treatment Info: Information related to the patients' treatment 
  5. Follow up info: Last follow up date and last known status 
  6. Diagnosis info: Detail diagnosis information of the patients
  7. Genomics Data: Index of genomic assay performed with the patients' sample
